Fusion latest new accounts (#8815)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_change-environment.md

To change an environment's settings (such as its name, credentials, or dbt version):

1. Navigate to **Orchestration** > **Environments**.
2. Click the **environment name** you want to change.
3. Click **Settings** and then **Edit**.

> 4. Update the fields requiring updates. For example, you can edit the environment name, dbt version (for eligible account tiers and supported adapters, **Fusion Latest** is the default for new deployment environments).

Author: ```suggestion
4. Update the fields you want to change. For example, you can edit the environment name, dbt version (for eligible account tiers and supported adapters, **Fusion Latest** is the default for new deployment environments).
```
